yeah fiercely competitive Blackpool
Derby featuring Mattie Aston on ambien
rising star former amateur champion won
his last fight on points after knocking
out his two previous opponents faces
matthew ellis in his 30 sang pro fight
without a win in five but as mixing good
company during a long career join this
one of the stars so turns out wrong
well we're regularly hearing impressive
reports about the 2008 ABA cruiserweight
champion Matti
askin whose begun his pro career well
five out of five now for the biggest
name yet the one time heavyweight hope
Mathew Alice who's really a journeyman
these days shame as he possesses talent
and both black ball boys and some needle
when they touch gloves yeah I know what
to start their bellies good to see
matthew ellis in this proper weight
division they should really be facing
heavyweights actually as a slight weak
advantage tonight which is unusual I
mean it looked at Wednesday Mosley
really had a great future he's one of
the main does this hope toughness
businesses they stole that should go
good test but asking us body shot from
ask him he's 14 years younger at 21 it
really is youthful gates experience his
sick belting Alice's 32nd and I think
he's noticed there is flash around the
midriff of Matthew Alice asking very
quick with his punches I think L is
struggling with his speed this early
he'll be hoping things settle down a
little bit very quick
was taken out in a round last time out
matthew ellis fighting over in
california big Lance Whitaker destroyed
him but as he said he really is a
natural cruiserweight that's been the
problem with Alice throughout his career
right from a skinny jean and gives him
all problems tonight
that was last seven
today thank you now patty asked him with
his biggest win here six out of six and
takes out blackballed rival Matthew
Alice with one single pressed shot there
was a beautiful pun share matthew ellis
when he started agape it was a smile on
his face as though it was more
embarrassed than anything else but that
was a beautiful punch and he didn't - to
be placated don't love him less tame
that or what but it was a punch it was
they are finishing any fate at this
level and an embrace after the frosty
reception before the fight and Matthew
Alice is okay but it was a lovely punch
well us was struggling already with a
speed of askin and I was irate handily
bang on the chin at this point it's him
- hang on jeez knees and smell but you
can see buying on the chin beautiful
couldn't have landed on a sweeter sport
I just seemed to take everything away
from illness at this point a little
smile on his face I thought it was going
to be an account but more of those
coming is we so maybe it's just as well
they didn't but that was a peach of a
punch beautiful a year and a half on the
scene and I bet that's the best punch
he's thrown yet asking the the best
cruiserweight in Blackpool he says now
how far away is he from being in British
title contention do you think and you
know I think he's started well he said
he's a little bit of Ratigan you know a
little bit jerky but you know he's 21
years of age in them you know it's a
good start and I think you'll become the
best in Blackpool because I think
there's only those two in black that's
been going to start somewhere but there
you know he's young he's young and he's
got something he's going to give him a
lot of confidence though finishing a
fight in that in that manner certainly
you know Ellis has been around I mean
he's these you certainly lost lost his
edge now and you know very much a
journeyman but you know he did he did it
and he did it instead that's all you can
do from a Blackpool Derby to a tower not
Blackpool